Update written example of multipart guide to match existing screenshot example (#4338)
alphagov/govuk-design-system: src/patterns/start-using-a-service/index.md

If the start point is linked to a wider process that needs more explanation, create an ‘Apply’ section within a multipart guide.

> For example, for a user to prove their right to work in the UK, they need to understand the documents they'll need and how to show them to an employer. This depends on their nationality, what kind of permission they have to work in the UK and types of documents they've been issued with. Some users have the option of getting a 'share code' by entering their documents online. There's also some specific schemes which use different documents.

Author: ```suggestion
For example, for a user to prove their right to work in the UK, they need to understand which documents they'll need and how to show them to an employer. This depends on their nationality, what kind of permission they have to work in the UK and types of documents they've been issued with. Some users have the option of getting a 'share code' by entering their documents online. There are some specific schemes which use different documents.
```
